# Project 1: Simple Comments Feature

Create a simple feature that allows comments to be created in response to a blog page and renders them below the post with the author and date. 

## Requirements

1. Create a class to be stored in a separate javascript file, "Comment" that represents both the data and affordances of a comment made by a visitor.
2. The class should have the following properties:
   - email (not displayed)
   - datePosted (Date object, created from a compatible string)
   - userName (displayed)
   - comment (displayed)
   - author (boolean) -- if true, the comment should be displayed with a distinct format.
3. The class should also have the following methods:
   - post (this will add the comment to the end of a list of comments)
   - postComments (this will accept an array of comments and display them on the page. The comments must be in reverse-chronoligical order, no matter what)

   A sample array of comments to be passed in to postComments is:

   ```JavaScript
   [{
   email: "jack@ibm.com",
   datePosted: "2022-09-14T19:08:33.107Z",
   userName: "Jack",
   comment: "This was a great post",
   author: false
   },
   {
   email: "jill@hotmail.com",
   datePosted: "2022-08-14T19:08:33.107Z",
   userName: "Jill",
   comment: "I wanted to clarify that this was written before the event",
   author: true
   },
   ]
   ```

4. Comments should accept a constructor with the five values passed in as parameters and create a comment accordingly.
5. Add a comment form that will call the post method of the comment class to add the comment to the page. You can use the HTMLFormElement submit event to record the data provided by the user. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLFormElement/submit_event
   1. The comment form should have fields for userName, email and comment, but the date should be generated by the current time.
   2. There is no need for posting the data to a server. 
6. Provide all of the above in index.html with a short blog entry of your own design, index.js and comments.js. Use an array to populate the page with a set of initial comments. You do not need to add any logic or functions to the blog page itself, just the comments. 